We've done a lot in this lesson.
We can now create elements with JavaScript and render them to a page.
But was it functional. Let's take a look.
As far as functional things in our application,
we had reusable components that were made of pure functions.
We were also able to pass the store as
an argument through our app instead of referencing it directly.
But there was a lot that wasn't functional too.
We had to find the DOM with getElementByID and we had to fill it with innerHTML.
We also had to update state using
Object.assign that breaks the functional idea of immutability.
So we found that working in a functional style with the DOM is well, impossible.
But then what's the point?
Why even bother with all this functional programming for the web?
We should just give up and use jQuery.
But that's not the case.
The real answer, which react has proven out very well,
is that we can still benefit from the advantages of a functional style,
even if we can't use it 100 percent of the time.
By relegating our non-functional processes to a small self-contained part of our app,
we can write in a functional style the rest of the time and get
the confidence and clarity it offers in the places it matters most.
Our components, application data, and layout.